New README 🌟 (#2504)
meilisearch/meilisearch: CONTRIBUTING.md

Remember that there are many ways to contribute other than writing code: writing [tutorials or blog posts](https://github.com/meilisearch/awesome-meilisearch), improving [the documentation](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation), submitting [bug reports](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=bug_report.md&title=) and [feature requests](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/categories/feedback-feature-proposal)...

> The code in this repository is only concerned with managing multiple indexes, handling the update store, and exposing an HTTP API. Search and indexation are the domain of our core engine, [`milli`](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli), while tokenization is handled by [our `tokenizer` library](https://github.com/meilisearch/tokenizer/).

Author: ```suggestion
The code in this repository is only concerned with managing multiple indexes, handling the update store, and exposing an HTTP API. Search and indexation are the domain of our core engine, [`milli`](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli), while tokenization is handled by [our `charabia` library](https://github.com/meilisearch/charabia/).<br>
If your language support is missing in Meilisearch, please consider contributing to `charabia` by following the [CONTRIBUTING.md file](https://github.com/meilisearch/charabia/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and integrating your intended normalizer/segmenter.
```
